hello my name is chimpanzee and you
Battlefield 4 sees a detail
the second of the soul dlc and the map
Operation firestorm that is natural
a map we already out
battlefield 3 many of you know the
do not know how the whole thing works
or came about that is here
capture the flag he plays on the xbox
one and if you already have one
xbox from battlefield 4 and the
battlefield 4 premium service at the
You can already have xbox one
that secondos all dlc play this here
is the second map of this one
Another video made with golfing
Format of user check24 or jack twenty
four gave me some gameplay here
provided perhaps comes
he still a third and fourth of the
other two maps besides the center
should dlc has the cards with three
operation metro group of oman operation
firestorm and Caspian border so
caspian border on me
Personally, that is especially pleasing
Whole is natural as in the other
video already seen before
or have already seen one today
Revision of the of wild So when
sex should dlc are natural as well
said the last of these four maps
we are from battlefield 4 already
know and the xbox people so xbox man
People with premium service who can do that
all here too that they what to
I think you have in the last
video I already experienced personally
not a big friend of that kind
dlcs so far before or after
actual release of some
I can play platforms
personally do not like it so much
on the other side it is natural
also a deal that the companies made there
have and absolutely legitimate for the and
I'm not there anyway
how to say totally jealous or
I'm sorry for that, I'll come anyway
finds halt just a bit, it's stupid
so extreme before the actual release
Date is done now and as far as I am concerned
I've seen that for a second
salt for the pc at least not yet
firm date is the only thing that is now
that one on the xbox so i believe i
have to look again just after
now in the next few days
second seconds accurate to the second
So here on the official page
battlefield dot com to battlefield 4
expansion packs disgusting it should stand
that one should tick that now
Exclusively for the xbox of users with
premium services can play and am
third december for the xbox one
user without battlefield
premium membership is playable
means these two user groups
So xbox user with and without are from
the fourth quarter of the third december
the secondos should already play now
and everyone else has to stop
we are waiting for the official release
can again our ass on it
Bet that I'll tell the xbox too
there again like the playstation before
people were french playstation people i
I do not have that in the picture
my that the playstation people the
last time because somehow preferred
and two weeks earlier
could gamble anyway, I guess
that's what xbox wants now too
be the case again but also plays
no matter in any case many again
thanks to the check 24 checkpoint before the
me this has made available
I think exploded on this map
something pipeline is moderate that one has
I only heard that way in between
I've already said in the last video
I purposely have this whole
evolution events are not yet on the
various videos also included
if i search then they are what
This direction is therefore everything
battlefield has a lot to do but me
wants to surprise me as I leave
I did not want the complete one now
anticipation of somehow destroy by
I have to just watch everything because of
disposal is available although I unfortunately
can not gamble yet
that would only make me in there
I do not influence a direction
would like or
I will not only be mine anyway
why buy an xbox and then here
still battlefield 4 with premium service
otherwise operations firestorm is
Of course, again very much
very close to the original is here
not so much has been changed at least
I'm not a significant one now
difference noticed so you see
your again this pipeline it will always be
still fighting hard
Here's how to naturally over there
just looks like a few optical
elements have been introduced in the middle
that those flames are beating on it
will of course also take damage
At least I hope so and that's the way it is
small things yes I do not have now
seen whether, for example, now
still the big buildings on it come if
there are some things on it so me
my sluiter if you have the one now
building front left right there somehow
still great in ruins
which of course could be very cool
and these are things that I am looking forward to
it is the
elements on which I personally
I am glad that everything is possible here
can disassemble and an even bigger one
destruction takes place as is already in
Battlefield 3 d would have been possible
So that's why I'm looking forward now
Let's see what awaits us and it
definitely makes me want more
I'm not necessarily here either
convinced that this is the best
card has been to play so
is not my favorite map
either a lot of 3 so not one of the apps
which I liked to play but
in battlefield 4 I will of course
No offense and the thing is high
and gamble down are unfortunately already
again at the end of the video is a right
short clip here from this gameplay
thanks again for giving me that
provided that check24 link
is in the video description to his
channel
I think it's very cool and opens
Everybody wants to know that
to try my name is dimmable
say thank you for watching and me
say
see you bye bye
Chimpanzee Gamer is giving it up now
facebook google + twitter and tv
m